Racing in the Chairman's trophy trigger
Express broke well from the inside but
he won't stay there
Chevron a topspin go to the lead
together trigger Express third then mr.
line followed by once upon a time world
delight Royal Apple at the tail pass the
1600 Chevron with his mouth open leads
by a nick here on top speed a length
away trigger Express the pace is slow in
fourth place mr. line in the running
line behind him once upon a time he's
over racing through his head up in the
air a couple of times then world delight
and royal Apple at the tail were Siamese
drop them back here to just
three-quarter pace as they run towards
the 1200 on Chevron shared rather the
slow gallop by length on topspin who
settles will trigger its wish through
the rails
then mr. line will delight a little bit
King did once upon a time going better
he's right behind mr. line and a leaf
and a half to royal Admiral well not
happy with the pace here and he takes
mr. line to belay a thousand ago and mr.
line with two links in front of Chevron
Top Spin third the race is starting to
warm up now a couple of legs away there
once upon a time on the outside of
trigger Express then world alight the
further five makes the Royal a troll
coming towards the 650 meter mark mr.
line just Hazzard here from Chevron Top
Spin he's out three deep as they come
towards the bend three or four legs to
once upon a time working into the race
then trigger Express as they turn into
the strike top screen West on the
outside to take the lead
mr. lines
time
we clearly hit him up do it out rinse
away the world alike finish the line
they were pulled by Chevron trigger
Express